here is a example of a short public statement about the benefits of websites for businesses:
'A website is no longer a luxury, It's an automated machine for generating leads, scaling marketing, and boosting your business. 

Time to get online'

here is an example of a short public statement about software developers using jupyter notebooks (a tool used by data scientists):
'One thing software developers could learn from data scientists:

Start using Jupyter Notebooks.

Your life will never be the same.'

here is an example of a short public statement about using sql and pandas in python:
'Python is powerful! :fire:

You can execute SQL Queries using Python & load the results in a Pandas DataFrame! :panda_face:

Check this out:point_down:'

here is an example short public statement about the reality of entrepreneurship:
The reality of entrepreneurship
1. No safety net
2. It's all on YOU
3. Everyone think you've "made it" apart from you
4. Constantly worries about cash and income
5. Pension? Lol
6. Monday = Sunday. No difference.
And yet it's still worth it"


here is an example short public statement about marketing strategies:
'Great customer service is the most underrated marketing strategy.'

here is an example seo marketing short public statement about ecommerce sites and web links:
Pro Tip: Many ecom sites have powerful links pointing to site search URLs which are often blocked by robots.txt. Redirect these (where it makes sense) to product/category URLs so that those links can be 'seen' and help improve rankings

here is an example marketing short public statement about increasing conversions:
Increasing conversions isn’t about changing elements on a page and hoping for the best.. It’s about solving people’s problems.

here is an example entrepreneurship short public statement about what it takes for business success:
'Half of business success: Get in the game and make reasonable decisions for 5+ years.'

here is an example entrepreneurship short public statement about working long hours:
If you work 70+ hours a week, you are a poor delegator and it is your fault. I don’t care what business you are in or what kind of opportunities you are chasing.

here is an example entrepreneurship short public statement about entreprneurs talking of their potential to hide from reality:
People use their “potential” as a ego padding for why they haven’t accomplished anything yet. No one cares about your potential but you. Work you’ve done > Work you say you’re “capable of”.